I did not intend to do another video about iPhone problems,
But the malfunction of the 1970's is now very interesting
Maybe because this is a kind of exploitation so I did not talk about it, in short
Almost because of the so-called "beyond the minimum correct numbers" caused by the Unix era
If you're familiar with these terms, you may not need this video.
As for the rest, prepare for us to begin.
January 1, 1970 is a special day for computers. Previously in the 1970s,
When Unix and similar systems were created,
Programmers needed an easy way to view history and time,
Without the need to deal with such exotic human terms as day, hours and minutes.
They needed an hour to knock on and it was easy to make mathematical equations on them.
The easiest way to do this is the numbers ... correct numbers,
Which shows the number of seconds since January 1, 1970,
And we still use it. Everywhere,
And almost all computers, everywhere.
It is generally the best way to store history and time,
Because they ignore the time zones and the terms of alien humans.
Now, I have already made clips on this subject, so I will not dig into it,
But all you need to know is that it's midnight
And at the beginning of January 1, 1970
History wondering about him
This is the first guide to what happens, the second guide:
This flaw occurs in modern 64-bit iPhones.
64-bit indicates the number of digits stored in the processor.
You have 64 boxes where a binary value can be stored (1 or 0)
Instead of the old 32-bit system, which means ..
Well, that means you can handle larger numbers,
At the processor level
And without any complex software.
Change the phone and its operating system,
From the old 32-bit system to the 64-bit system requires some effort,
So there will be little differences in the codes between the two systems.
And here, this flaw has escaped.
Now, showing a 64-bit system on the screen is a bit tricky,
So we will use 4 bits to explain how to work
0000 equals 0
Then you count the binary system,
1,2,3,4 up to 15
It is the largest number you can store in 4 bits
And you can not go any further.
But what happens if you do that?
Then will happen in the so-called "influx of integers"
After number 15 followed by
Turns again and starts again,
Just like the counter in an old car, well,
If you only have 4 bits, of course,
This will be a problem, and if you have 64 bits, in fact,
Will also be in trouble
If you count up to 15 quintillion, order this number, most likely you will not have a problem.
Unless, if the largest number you can store plus one
It will turn you into zero ...
What would you get if you threw one out of zero?
In fact, this is called "exceeding the minimum correct meter".
You can not store a negative number in these fields.
If you reduce the number 0 less, you will not end up with a 1-
But will turn upside down to reach the highest value
So in the original version of the game "civilization"
Gandhi was a moron.
Start and the degree of aggression is equal to 1
And later in the game, reduced this value,
No one wrote a verification code to make sure the value was not less than zero.
So, the value turned upside down to the highest possible value,
Suddenly, Gandhi declared war on everyone.
It's good that this only happened with the game.
Well, there is a version that allows storing negative numbers,
But if Apple used it, in fact,
You will probably not encounter this problem.
In the end, why would someone want to store a time-negative value?
It is not as if someone will order like
IPhone timekeeping for the 1970's!
And you will notice that you can not.
If you move the calendar back,
The calendar will stop at the first date of January 1970, when the second is zero
Because one of Apple's employees,
No, moment. This is a bad idea.
This may cause a problem.
So they set the Unix era, or as it is called zero hour,
As a minimum.
However, if you set the time for your phone to close to zero,
Elsewhere in the code, there is a verification code -
Maybe a battery time check code,
And maybe just a mathematical equation activated at the last call, or ...
Well, it's something that no one has yet discovered.
But what he does is check,
It ends up in time before the first of January 1970,
Which should be a negative number ...
But it is not.
But revolves in reverse,
Giving you a 20-day history
Of the expected date of the universe's age.
And I think that the problem is not to offer this amount of history.
But whatever the problem, it causes what is officially known as "unregistered behavior"
And are generally known as Crash.
Now, I should say that, always and whenever I try
To solve a problem with an Apple product is just a guess.
I do not think they will ever present in detail what happened,
And perhaps it is more complicated than that.
There is another type of binary number.
They are called "registered integers"
Which enables you to deal with negative numbers ...
But this is another story for another time
Even if this is not the exact cause of the problem?
Well, I hope this helps you not to make the same mistake
In future codecs
Translated by Mohammed al-Wahashi